In this video,
we'll cover the online store template integration.
So here's our release 2.0 plan from the boss.
So we need to add the online shop template integration.
Search for products by category.
Search for products by text box.
Add a master detail view of products.
Add pagination support for products.
Also add products to the shopping cart with CRUD.
And finally, a shopping cart checkout.
Okay, so this is more functionality
that was originally planned with 2.0.
This is known as feature creep, but don't worry,
you'll see this on real time projects,
this happens in the real world.
But our current task right now is the,
online shop template integration.
Alright, so the current status of our application
is that we have a very basic front end.
It was really just a proof of concept
for listing the products
to make sure that we could get Angular
and Spring Boot working together.
So it's really just a table with products,
but it's very basic, doesn't look like a real application.
And so we actually need more, so we need a website
that looks like an online shop, more than just a table.
So, this is what our website will look like, love2shop.
So we'll have products.
We'll have images and they can add to cart and so on.
So in the center section here
we'll show a list of products in a grid.
Over on the left hand side,
they can search for products by category.
Along the top we can search for products by text box.
And then also at the bottom we'll have pagination support
for products in case we have a lot of products
in our inventory.
And then also in the top right
we'll have shopping cart support,
so current status of the shopping cart,
checking out and so on.
And, we'll build this functionality in the upcoming videos.
I already wireframes to Web template.
So, I sent the wireframes to a friend,
so these are just my wireframe mock ups.
And then he took that information
and he created a web template.
And so he delivered a zip file that had .HTML files and CSS.
So this is just a collection of pages that show the layout,
it's dummy data.
There's no real database integration,
just standalone HTML pages,
along with supporting CSS styles.
And so, what we'll do,
is we'll actually integrate that HTML template
with our Angular startup component HTML files.
So, we'll add the CSS files to our project,
and so we'll actually have an Angular application
that uses that template, but we'll get real information
from our Spring Boot back in.
And then just a note about Cascading Style Sheets.
The template uses CSS for styles, layouts and colors.
Teaching CSS is beyond the scope of this course,
but if you'd like a tutorial on CSS,
they're free online tutorials that are are available.
Simply go to the links here,
w3schools CSS is a really good one
and also w3schools Bootstrap,
a really good tutorial on Bootstrap
to kind of get you up and running with those given CSS styles.
I already started development process.
We'll download the HTML template starter files.
Then we'll install Bootstrap CSS styles locally using NPM.
And then we'll add a local Custom CSS style
to our Angular style CSS file.
Next we'll integrate the template files
into the Angular app.
We'll add support for icons and logos.
And then finally we'll enhance our application
with product images.
So this is great, I'm kind of of excited,
actually I'm really excited about this.
So let's go ahead and move in to the next video,
and let's get started.